CheckFieldValue fix (#11610)
demisto/content: Packs/CommonScripts/ReleaseNotes/1_3_23.md

#### Scripts
##### CheckFieldValue

> - Fixed an issue where the script was failing for certain context paths.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where the script was failing for certain fields.
```
